again the word of the Lord of Hosts came
again the word of the Lord of Hosts came I am zealous for Zion with great zeal
I am zealous for Zion with great zeal
I am zealous for Zion with great zeal with great fervor
with great fervor
with great fervor I am zealous for her I will return to
I am zealous for her I will return to
I am zealous for her I will return to Zion and dwell in the midst of Jerusalem
Zion and dwell in the midst of Jerusalem
Zion and dwell in the midst of Jerusalem Jerusalem shall be called the city of
Jerusalem shall be called the city of
Jerusalem shall be called the city of truth the mountain of the Lord of Hosts
truth the mountain of the Lord of Hosts
truth the mountain of the Lord of Hosts the holy mountain old men and old women
the holy mountain old men and old women
the holy mountain old men and old women shall again sit in the streets of
shall again sit in the streets of
shall again sit in the streets of Jerusalem each one with his staff in his
Jerusalem each one with his staff in his
Jerusalem each one with his staff in his hand because of great age the streets of
hand because of great age the streets of
hand because of great age the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls
the city shall be full of boys and girls
the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in its streets if it is
playing in its streets if it is
playing in its streets if it is marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of
marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of
marvelous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days will it also
this people in these days will it also
this people in these days will it also be marvelous
be marvelous
be marvelous in my eyes
in my eyes
in my eyes I will save my people from the land of
I will save my people from the land of
I will save my people from the land of the east and from the land of the West I
the east and from the land of the West I
the east and from the land of the West I will bring them back and they shall
will bring them back and they shall
will bring them back and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem they
dwell in the midst of Jerusalem they
dwell in the midst of Jerusalem they shall be my people and I will be their
shall be my people and I will be their
shall be my people and I will be their God in truth and righteousness let your
God in truth and righteousness let your
God in truth and righteousness let your hands be strong you have been hearing in
hands be strong you have been hearing in
hands be strong you have been hearing in these days these words by the mouth of
these days these words by the mouth of
these days these words by the mouth of the prophets who spoke in the day the
the prophets who spoke in the day the
the prophets who spoke in the day the foundation was laid for the house of the
foundation was laid for the house of the
foundation was laid for the house of the Lord of Hosts that the temple might be
Lord of Hosts that the temple might be
Lord of Hosts that the temple might be built for before these days there were
built for before these days there were
built for before these days there were no wages for man nor any hire for beasts
no wages for man nor any hire for beasts
no wages for man nor any hire for beasts there was no peace from the enemy for
there was no peace from the enemy for
there was no peace from the enemy for whoever went out or came in for I set
whoever went out or came in for I set
whoever went out or came in for I set all men everyone against his neighbor
all men everyone against his neighbor
all men everyone against his neighbor but now I will not treat the remnant of
but now I will not treat the remnant of
but now I will not treat the remnant of this people as in the former days for
this people as in the former days for
this people as in the former days for the seed shall be prosperous the vine
the seed shall be prosperous the vine
the seed shall be prosperous the vine shall give its fruit the ground shall
shall give its fruit the ground shall
shall give its fruit the ground shall give her increase and the heavens shall
give her increase and the heavens shall
give her increase and the heavens shall give their due I will cause the remnant
give their due I will cause the remnant
give their due I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these and
of this people to possess all these and
of this people to possess all these and it shall come to pass the just as you
it shall come to pass the just as you
it shall come to pass the just as you were a curse among the nations Oh house
were a curse among the nations Oh house
were a curse among the nations Oh house of Judah and house of Israel so I will
of Judah and house of Israel so I will
of Judah and house of Israel so I will save you and you shall be a blessing do
save you and you shall be a blessing do
save you and you shall be a blessing do not feel that your hands be strong for
not feel that your hands be strong for
not feel that your hands be strong for thus says the Lord of hosts
thus says the Lord of hosts
thus says the Lord of hosts just as I determined to punish you when
just as I determined to punish you when
just as I determined to punish you when your fathers provoked me to wrath and I
your fathers provoked me to wrath and I
your fathers provoked me to wrath and I would not relent
would not relent
would not relent so again in these days I am determined
so again in these days I am determined
so again in these days I am determined to do good to Jerusalem and to the house
to do good to Jerusalem and to the house
to do good to Jerusalem and to the house of Judah
of Judah
of Judah do not fear these are the things you
do not fear these are the things you
do not fear these are the things you shall do speak each man the truth to his
shall do speak each man the truth to his
shall do speak each man the truth to his name give judgment in your gates for
name give judgment in your gates for
name give judgment in your gates for truth justice and peace let none of you
truth justice and peace let none of you
truth justice and peace let none of you think evil in your heart against your
think evil in your heart against your
think evil in your heart against your neighbor and do not love a false oath
neighbor and do not love a false oath
neighbor and do not love a false oath for all these things are things that I
for all these things are things that I
for all these things are things that I need then the word of the Lord of Hosts
need then the word of the Lord of Hosts
need then the word of the Lord of Hosts came to me saying thus says the Lord of
came to me saying thus says the Lord of
came to me saying thus says the Lord of hosts the fast of the fourth month the
hosts the fast of the fourth month the
hosts the fast of the fourth month the fast of the fifth the fast of the
fast of the fifth the fast of the
fast of the fifth the fast of the seventh and the fast of the tenth shall
seventh and the fast of the tenth shall
seventh and the fast of the tenth shall be joy and gladness and cheerful feasts
be joy and gladness and cheerful feasts
be joy and gladness and cheerful feasts for the house of Judah therefore love
for the house of Judah therefore love
for the house of Judah therefore love truth and peace thus says the Lord of
truth and peace thus says the Lord of
truth and peace thus says the Lord of hosts people's shall yet come
hosts people's shall yet come
hosts people's shall yet come inhabitants of many cities the
inhabitants of many cities the
inhabitants of many cities the inhabitants of one city shall go to
inhabitants of one city shall go to
inhabitants of one city shall go to another saying let us continue to go and
another saying let us continue to go and
another saying let us continue to go and pray before the Lord and seek the Lord
pray before the Lord and seek the Lord
pray before the Lord and seek the Lord of Hosts I myself will go also yes many
of Hosts I myself will go also yes many
of Hosts I myself will go also yes many peoples and strong nations shall come to
peoples and strong nations shall come to
peoples and strong nations shall come to seek the Lord of hosts in Jerusalem and
seek the Lord of hosts in Jerusalem and
seek the Lord of hosts in Jerusalem and to pray before the Lord thus says the
to pray before the Lord thus says the
to pray before the Lord thus says the Lord of hosts in those days ten men from
Lord of hosts in those days ten men from
Lord of hosts in those days ten men from every language of the nations shall
every language of the nations shall
every language of the nations shall grasp the sleeve of a Jewish man saying
grasp the sleeve of a Jewish man saying
grasp the sleeve of a Jewish man saying let us go with you for we have heard
let us go with you for we have heard
let us go with you for we have heard that God
that God
that God you